Announce Rust 1.92 stable release (#1757)
rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org: content/Rust-1.92.0.md

If you'd like to help us out by testing future releases, you might consider updating locally to use the beta channel (`rustup default beta`) or the nightly channel (`rustup default nightly`). Please [report](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/new/choose) any bugs you might come across!

## What's in 1.92.0 stable

### Deny-by-default never type lints

The language and compiler teams continue to work on stabilization of the [never type](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/primitive.never.html). In this release the [`never_type_fallback_flowing_into_unsafe`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/beta/rustc/lints/listing/deny-by-default.html#dependency-on-unit-never-type-fallback) and [`dependency_on_unit_never_type_fallback`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/beta/rustc/lints/listing/deny-by-default.html#dependency-on-unit-never-type-fallback) future compatibility lints were made deny-by-default, meaning they will cause a compilation error when detected.

> These lints detect code which is likely to be broken by the never type stabilization. It is highly advised to fix them if they are reported in your crate.

Reviewer: I wonder if we should add something about how wide the breakage here is based on crater or something? As is it sounds a bit like "rust is making breaking changes" which while semi-true probably needs caveats for a blog post.

Reviewer 2: It's worth mentioning too that 1) a deny-by-default lint only causes an error by default --  it's still a lint, and the lint can be suppressed, and 2) the error only occurs when building the crate that contains the linted-on code, not when building its dependents.  (A warning will be reported in the builds of the dependents, when using Cargo.)

### `unused_must_use` no longer warns about `Result<(), UninhabitedType>`

Rust's `unused_must_use` lint warns when ignoring the return value of a function, if the function or its return type is annotated with `#[must_use]`. For instance, this warns if ignoring a return type of `Result`, to remind you to use `?`, or something like `.expect("...")`.

However, some functions return `Result`, but the error type they use is not actually "inhabited", meaning it can never exist in real code (e.g. the [`!`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/primitive.never.html) or [`Infallible`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/convert/enum.Infallible.html) types).

The `unused_must_use` lint now no longer warns on `Result<(), UninhabitedType>`, or on `ControlFlow<UninhabitedType, ()>`. For instance, it will not warn on `Result<(), !>`. This avoids having to check for an error that can never happen.

```rust
fn can_never_fail() -> Result<(), !> {
    // ...
    Ok(())
}

fn main() {

>     can_never_fail()

Reviewer: This doesn't type check, right? You still need a `;` here?

}
```

This is particularly useful with the common pattern of a trait with an associated error type, where the error type may *sometimes* be infallible:

```rust
trait UsesAssocErrorType {
    type Error;
    fn method(&self) -> Result<(), Self::Error>;
}

struct CannotFail;
impl UsesAssocErrorType for CannotFail {
    type Error = !;
    fn method(&self) -> Result<(), Self::Error> {
        Ok(())
    }
}

struct CanFail;
impl UsesAssocErrorType for CanFail {
    type Error = std::io::Error;
    fn method(&self) -> Result<(), Self::Error> {
        Err(std::io::Error::other("something went wrong"))
    }
}

fn main() {
    CannotFail.method(); // No error

>     CanFail.method(); // Error: unused `Result` that must be used

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    CannotFail.method(); // No warning
    CanFail.method(); // Warning: unused `Result` that must be used
```
Those are warnings, not errors, right?

}
```

### Emit unwind tables even when `-Cpanic=abort` is enabled on linux

Backtraces with `-Cpanic=abort` previously worked in Rust 1.22 but were broken in Rust 1.23, as we stopped emitting unwind tables with `-Cpanic=abort`. In Rust 1.45 a workaround in the form of `-Cforce-unwind-tables=yes` was stabilized.

In Rust 1.92 unwind tables will be emitted by default even when `-Cpanic=abort` is specified, allowing for backtraces to work properly. If unwind tables are not desired then users should use `-Cforce-unwind-tables=no` to explicitly disable them being emitted.

### Validate input to `#[macro_export]`

> Over the past few releases, many changes were made to the way built-in attributes are processed in the compiler. This should greatly improve the error messages and warnings rust gives for built-in attributes and especially make these diagnostics more consistent among all of the over 100 built-in attributes.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Over the past few releases, many changes were made to the way built-in attributes are processed in the compiler. This should greatly improve the error messages and warnings Rust gives for built-in attributes and especially make these diagnostics more consistent among all of the over 100 built-in attributes.
```

To give a small example, in this release specifically, Rust became stricter in checking what arguments are allowed to `macro_export` by [upgrading that check to a "deny-by-default lint" that will be reported in dependencies.](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/143857). 

### Restrictions on user code impls of `DerefMut` for `Pin`

> A soundness issue with `Pin` has been solved by preventing third-party crates from implementing `DerefMut` for `Pin<T>` when `T` is a local type that doesn't implement `DerefMut<Target: Unpin>`.

Reviewer 3: This seems a bit hard to grok without context. Maybe at least a PR/issue link would make it clearer?

Author: Yeah I think this is probably quite in the weeds for the blog post
